hello everyone it's kevin t rodriguez
from the movie Wizard com here for
another rant it's been a little while
since I've done one of these rants but
something was announced a few days ago
that it bothered me enough to write an
editorial on my website and then some
follow-up news came and so rather than
just write our editorial I'm just going
to do this rant but for those who don't
know last week disney announced that oz
the great and the powerful would be
coming to blu-ray 3d 2d blu-ray 2d
blu-ray and DVD combo pack and DVD combo
pack always digital copy but unlike
previous disney box that's where you
would get the blu-ray 3d of the 2d
blu-ray and the DVD and a digital copy
this time you're just getting the
blu-ray 3d now that was frustrating news
in and of itself but to make matters
worse the price tag for the blu-ray 3d
was still gonna be 4499 which is what
they charge all the previous combo packs
and a lot of people include myself went
what are you kidding me I mean there are
a few things wrong with this first of
all I own a 3d TV so when I buy the
blu-ray 3ds I typically was buying them
with the intention of watching the
movies in 3ds but I've been buying the
3d blu-ray he's like I bought the months
before i even had a 3d TV because since
it was only a few dollars more i knew i
would need eventually and since I have
had the 3d TV the 2d blu rays are still
very handy to have because if i bring
the movie over to friends house i can
guarantee you none of them and i want to
stress this none of them have a 3d TV
it's just not very common yet so right
off the bat we have a problem where if i
wanted to buy oz the great and the
powerful i would have to choose between
either watching it alone or picking up
the non 3d version which is the way it's
supposed to be viewed so that i can
watch it with friends trust me i do not
like having to make that choice just ask
my friends who i went to see iron man 3
was very recently and how i had to
choose between either singly was them or
seeing it though i wanted to see it
which was imax 3d
no hurt feelings or anything guys I
enjoyed our time to get together I just
don't like having to make that choice so
that's the first problem with this the
second problem was this is a more
obvious one in the sense that they are
taking away stuff that we would have
normally gotten but they're not lowering
the price tag because trust me not that
anyone probably ever paid the full $45
for one of these blu-ray combo packs but
they probably at least paid the 30 to 35
sale price and when you're paying that
kind of money and you're getting all
this stuff in it it's kind of justifying
the high cost but when you open up and
there's one disc it takes you off which
means the second obvious problem is that
we are paying a lot of money for less
value now this was how the story got out
since then there have been tons of
complaints and I think Disney heard them
because they made this announcement let
me pull it up for a second okay quote we
strive to give our customers the best in
home experience and consistently evolve
our mix of product offerings we know
that our 3d customers enjoy that
experience as well as the ease of use
and functionality of digital copy with
oz the great and the powerful we're
offering a single simplified version for
their in home and on the go viewing
needs and for those desiring a 2d
blu-ray version of the film there's an
offer included in the package no Disney
that is not the problem first of all I
want to point out that while a lot of
people do like digital copies of films
they are all in agreement pretty much
that ultraviolet is the best form of
digital copies because they're in the
cloud and you can watch them on multiple
devices unlike your digital copies where
we have to decide which device we want
to put the movie on and that's it so
right off the bat your comments about
how you are about ease and functionality
is totally wrong because if it were
you'd be having the digital copies being
ultra violent secondly I don't think the
people are complaining about the lack of
2d
because it doesn't complicate their
viewing experience they're complaining
because you're charging the same price
while taking stuff away and to add
insult to injury you've heard the
complaint and your response is to put a
voucher in the packet that says oh by
the way if you want the 2d edition you
just have to mail a way for it and it's
gonna cost an additional six dollars or
get that you're charging $45 retail
price it should be coming with it anyway
you know if you want to just do a 3d
disc that's fine it really is fine but
if you're only going to give the three
discs and not the DVD or the 2d blu-ray
then you need to price it accordingly it
needs to be retailed at thirty dollars
which on sale would be 20 or so and
trust me if that's how this happened no
one would be complaining about you know
the fact that you took the 2d disc out
in fact they might even praise you for
giving the option of whether you wanted
the 2d option with this voucher thing in
the first place that might actually be
good but to ignorantly come out with
this statement and show that you have
absolutely no understanding whatsoever
of why this was a big deal in the first
place is just frustrating for the record
I'm still on the fence whether I
actually want to buy oz the great and
the powerful you can read my review
below it was good it was not great it
would be a great addition to my blu-ray
3d collection but I'm sorry I'm still
not sold maybe if you lower the price
then this might be worth it but in my
opinion this is just a huge PR disaster
just waiting to happen this is kevin t
Rodriguez for the movie Wizard com
signing out